feat(react): re-throw received error if fallback of ErrorBoundary is undefined (#334)
suspensive/react: .changeset/dull-paws-wonder.md

> ---
> "@suspensive/react": patch
> ---
> 
> fix(react): add re-throw received error with no fallback of ErrorBoundary

Author: ```suggestion
---
"@suspensive/react": minor
---

feat(react): re-throw received error with no fallback of ErrorBoundary
```
